Sun Shangming, the eldest son of the Sun family
5 years ago
My Lu Group went bankrupt
Zhang Sengui Zhan Que Zhibao
The biggest black hand behind the scenes
It's been 5 years, you trash, to find out
Now listen up.
Before your Sun family goes bankrupt
I will not treat you
But when your Sun family went bankrupt
I wouldn't mind.
Does anyone understand the pain?
Steak is good
Remember to buy
passerby
You wait for me.
Sooner or later, you will die by my side, Song Shaoyun
Screaming to death, right?
I'm here to save you.
Help me, I'm sick of seeing you now.
This bracelet is a door-to-door delivery.
So what?
Give it to me.
You still do what everyone says
Your useless young master
What a string of evil